hey guys welcome back to our video so
today I'd actually like to guess there
is one village and I'm near ah jungle
always what I wanted to say is um
actually I have something to say nothing
special to some announcements um I'll be
extremely busy in the next few days
worth studying so I won't be making so
much videos and well actually I could
make them i will make like in one day
couple videos so i can upload it day by
day so yeah problem solved anyways um
another thing i want to make new world
you know why because of this look at
this what the hell is this cool
transition bro what the heck is this
seriously Alice I was exploring a bit
yesterday i was playing this world and i
came here i came here and he'll need to
eat so i can run
yes I mean look at this transition what
the heck is this what the heck minecraft
oh my god and I reckon is it because of
that village over there which you just
saw a couple seconds ago it's a quite
big village but this transition looks
awful and it will take me like tons of
like a lot of time to fix it so yeah I
just figure a big group figured to
making the world and I kind of got bored
with this one nothing special I'm
surrounded by picking snow biomes and I
don't really like that so yeah hoping to
phone in nice little forest in the next
world and that's about it another thing
I wanted to say is I started playing
floor or drinks no yeah I play that but
I play started playing a league of
legends as well so you can expect some
League of Legends game for the world for
me so yeah well it's but it guys down
hope you enjoyed this video almaty more
to not nothing really much be enjoyed in
this video please leave some
announcements yeah
let's take a quick look another look in
this transition horrible transition
let's admire the wonders of Minecraft
look at this oh my god I didn't make it
actually you can see here like this is
one bottom you can see by the by the
color and then you can see the
transition from them darker darker
darker color to lighter color from me
for the sand so yeah I do not make it
well I'll be crazy to make this
so yeah guys mm-hmm that's what it for
this for you
so yeah I'll see you next guys next time
sir thank you